#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Anal" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Anal" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Anal
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/anal.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Asian" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Asian" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Asian
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/asian.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Big Ass" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Big Ass" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Big Ass
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/bigass.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Big Dick" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Big Dick" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Big Dick
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/bigdick.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Big Tits" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Big Tits" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Big Tits
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/bigtits.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Blonde" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Blonde" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Blonde
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/blonde.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Blowjob" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Blowjob" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Blowjob
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/blowjob.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Brunette" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Brunette" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Brunette
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/brunette.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Compilation" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Compilation" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Compilation
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/compilation.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Cuckold" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Cuckold" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Cuckold
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/cuckold.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Fetish" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Fetish" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Fetish
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/fetish.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Gangbang" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Gangbang" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Gangbang
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/gangbang.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Hardcore" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Hardcore" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Hardcore
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/hardcore.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Interracial" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Interracial" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Interracial
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/interracial.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Latina" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Latina" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Latina
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/latina.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Lesbian" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Lesbian" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Lesbian
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/lesbian.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Live Cams" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Live Cams" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Live Cams
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/livecams.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Milf" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Milf" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Milf
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/milf.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Pornstar" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Pornstar" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Pornstar
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/pornstar.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Pov" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Pov" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Pov
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/pov.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Rough" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Rough" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Rough
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/rough.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Russian" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Russian" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Russian
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/russian.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Teen" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Teen" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Teen
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/teen.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Xxx" tvg-name="Adultiptv.Net Threesome" tvg-id="Adultiptv.Net Threesome" tvg-logo="https://files.adultiptv.net/adultiptvnet.jpg",Adultiptv.Net Threesome
http://cdn.adultiptv.net/threesome.m3u8
